{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Professional Experience\
\
1.  Company Name: No Patient Left Behind \
     Role: Biotech Fellowship(Regional/Commercial Prodcut)\
     Date: August 2025 - October 2025\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 2.  Company Name: Agilent Technologies\
     Role: Marketing Co-op(Regional/Commercial Prodcut)\
     Date: September 2024 - May 2025\
\
3.  Company Name: Trainity\
     Role: Data Analyst Bootcamp\
     Date: June 2024 - August 2024\
\
4.  Company Name: Motorola Solutions\
     Role: Product Strategy Consultant \
     Date: February 2024 - May 2024\
\
5.  Company Name: Learnlight\
     Role: User Strategy Consultant \
     Date: January 2024 - May 2024\
\
6.  Company Name: International Iberian Nanotechnology Laboratory\
     Role: Global Strategy Consultant \
     Date: November 2024 - May 2024\
\
7.  Company Name: Periofill\
     Role: Go-to-market Strategy\
     Date: August 2023 - December 2023\
\
8.  Company Name: AstraZeneca\
     Role: Competitive Intelligence Strategy Consultant\
     Date: October 2023 - Dec 2023\
\
9.  Company Name: AstraZeneca\
     Role: Competitive Intelligence Strategy Consultant\
     Date: October 2023 - Dec 2023\
\
10. Company Name: Johns Hopkins Hospital\
      Role: Healthcare/Hospital Strategy Consultant\
      Date: August 2023 - October 2023\
\
11. Company Name: Dolphin Lifescience India\
      Role: Global Product Manager\
      Date: July 2021 - August 2023\
\
12. Company Name: Shilchar Technologies Pvt. Ltd.\
      Role: Product Design & Development Engineer - GMT\
      Date: September 2020 - July 2021\
\
13. Company Name: Rameshwar Boiler & Utility Services\
      Role: Product Research - R&D\
      Date: August 2019 - June 2020\
\
14. Company Name: Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. (IOCL)\
      Role: Industrial Training Summer Intern\
      Date: May 2019 - June 2019\
\
15. Company Name: Koch-Glitsch India\
      Role: Industrial Summer Intern\
      Date: May 2018 - July 2018\
\
16. Company Name: National Social Services (NSS)\
      Role: Volunteering\
      Date: August 2016 - May 2017\
}